Pei Zhao
Center for Intelligent and Networked Systems
School of Computer Science, Southwest Petroleum University
Chengdu, China
pzhaoswpu@gmail.com




Ping Li
Center for Intelligent and Networked Systems
School of Computer Science, Southwest Petroleum University
Chengdu, China
dping.li@gmail.com 


The F1 value when the mlp have different number of hidden layers and different number of units in each hidden layer in our experiment

the MLP's performance is not along with the increase in layers and each layer of neurons increased number and get highe units in each hidden layer 

the MLP's performance does not always improve with the increase in the number of hidden layers and the number of units in each hidden layer. 

it will decline when each hidden layer units reaches a certain value

It reaches the maximum value when each hidden layer units is about half of the number of units in the input layer.

began to decline since then.
Its performance is not increased with the increase of the number of growth


Although the performance of our model is much higher than the highest level published by the Alibaba Group, we did several experiments with other algorithms to compare with it. We used the same input data shown in Table 2, and the same criteria(introduced in Sec. 3.5) to measure the results.
We found that it is still much higher than the performance of all other models.

The Table 4 shows all the comparison results


Predicting the occurrence of commodity purchase is helpful for electricity supplier to achieve a good product recommendation [6]. This paper presents the application of multilayer perceptron for predicting users' purchase behaviors on e-commerce websites. The model is built by learning from user's history data and behaviors at present. The data we use is a four months of data provided by Alibaba, the largest online shopping marketplace in China. Compared to classical three-layer multilayer perceptron model, the model we use here is a deep network with more hidden layers. The performance of our multilayer model is verified to be better than traditional methods do, especially in five-layered multilayer model.


Suykens J A K, Vandewalle J. Least squares support vector machine classifiers[J]. Neural processing letters, 1999, 9(3): 293-300.

Support Vector Machine(SVM),
k-Nearest Neighbors(KNN),
Naive Bayes
Collaborative Filtering

11.02%

7.7%

Suykens, Johan AK, and Joos Vandewalle. "Least squares support vector machine classifiers." Neural processing letters 9.3 (1999): 293-300.

Fukunaga, Keinosuke, and Patrenahalli M. Narendra. "A branch and bound algorithm for computing k-nearest neighbors." Computers, IEEE Transactions on 100.7 (1975): 750-753.

McCallum, Andrew, and Kamal Nigam. "A comparison of event models for naive bayes text classification." AAAI-98 workshop on learning for text categorization. Vol. 752. 1998.

Sarwar, Badrul, et al. "Item-based collaborative filtering recommendation algorithms." Proceedings of the 10th international conference on World Wide Web. ACM, 2001.


李平，女，1977年7月生，副研究员



received his M.S. degree in
laser physics and his Ph.D. degree in optical
engineering both from Nankai University in
1993 and 1996, respectively. From 1998 to 2000,
he was invited to City University of Hong Kong,
Hong Kong, China and awarded the postdoctoral
fellowship with the Department of Electronic
Engineering, City University of Hong Kong.

Since 2011, she has been with the Institute of Modern Optics,
Nankai University, where he is presently a full professor and
doctorial supervisor with the College of Electronic Information
and Optical Engineering. He holds hundreds of publications and
more than 10 patents. His current research involves
microstructural terahertz devices, terahertz time-domain
spectroscopy technology, digital image processing, and the
applications of artificial neural network in pattern recognition

Ping Li received the B.S. degree from the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC), Hefei, in 2001 and the M.S. degree from the University of Florida (UF), Gainesville, in 2003, both in electrical engineering. He is currently pursuing the Ph.D. degree with the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, UF. His research interests include spectral estimation, array signal processing, and information theory.

Ping Li was born in Sichuan Province, China, in 1977. He received the B.S. degree from the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC), Hefei, in 2001 and the M.S. degree from the University of Florida (UF), Gainesville, in 2003, both in electrical engineering. He is currently pursuing the Ph.D. degree with the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, UF. His research interests include spectral estimation, array signal processing, and information theory.

Ping Li received the Ph.D. degree in Computer software and theory from the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC), Chengdu, in 2009. From 2009 to 2010, she was invited to The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong, China and awarded the postdoctoral. Since 2011, she has been with the Southwest Petroleum University, where she is presently a full associate professor and graduate supervisor with the School of computer science. Her research interests include social network analysis, machine learning, natural language processing.


School of Computer Science, Southwest Petroleum University

Ke-Chun Wen was born in Sichuan, China in
1992. He is currently pursuing the B.S. degree
with UESTC. He joined Prof. Wei-Dong He’s
group in 2013 as a research assistant. His
research interests include analytical modeling
of gas diffusivity and ionic conductivity in fuel
cells and batteries, as well as the oriented
attachment growth mechanism of
nanocrystals.

Pei Zhao was born in Henan, China in 1989. He received the B.S. degrees from Henan University, Henan, China in 2013, is currently pursuing the M.S. degree with Southwest Petroleum University. His research interests include social network analysis, machine learning. He joined Prof. Tao Zhou’s and Dr. Jun-lin Zhou’s Hire Big Data Company as a Data Analyst.


respectively. She received the
Ph.D. degree from Nankai Universityn in 2015,
and she now is working with Tianjin Chengjian
University, Tianjin, China. Her research interest
is optical fiber sensor.




UESTC.
Institute of Modern Optics,
Nankai University, where he is presently a full professor and
doctorial supervisor with the College of Electronic Information
and Optical Engineering. 




from the University of Science and Technology of China












The Results of different model in 

The experimental results of different model


